1. Install TensorFlow on your machine, possibly upgrading previously installed Python packages. May impact existing Python programs on your machine.

2. #pycocotools is a Python API that. # assists in loading, parsing and visualizing the annotations in COCO.

3. In Pathlib, the Path. cwd() function is used to get the current working directory and / operator is used in place of os. path

4. This os. chdir() method changes the current working directory to a specified path instance.

5. "Clone depth" is a feature of git to reduce server load: Instead of cloning the complete repository (as usually done with git), using clone depth 
just clones the last clone-depth-number revisions of your repository."Clone depth" is a feature of git to reduce server load: Instead of cloning the complete 
repository (as usually done with git), using clone depth just clones the last clone-depth-number revisions of your repository.

6. Protocol Buffers (Protobuf) is a free and open-source cross-platform data format used to serialise structured data.

7. The parameter to the --python_out= option is the directory where you want the compiler to write your Python output.
The compiler creates a . py file for each . proto file input.A . proto file is similar to a JSON file in that it represents structured data, but you can run a 
compiler on the . proto file to generate code that can read and write the data in the programming language of your choice.

8. Protocol buffers, usually referred as Protobuf, is a protocol developed by Google to allow serialisation and deserialisation of structured data. 
Google developed it with the goal to provide a better way, compared to XML, to make systems communicate.

9. The TensorFlow Object Detection API is an open source framework built on top of TensorFlow that makes it easy to construct, 
train and deploy object detection models.

10. APIs are mechanisms that enable two software components to communicate with each other using a set of definitions and protocols. 
For example, the weather bureau's software system contains daily weather data. The weather app on your phone “talks” to this system via APIs and shows you 
daily weather updates on your phone.

11. TensorFlow-Slim (TF-Slim) is a TensorFlow wrapper library that allows you to build and train complex TensorFlow models in an easy, intuitive way by eliminating 
the boilerplate code that plagues many deep learning algorithms.

12. glob (short for global) is used to return all file paths that match a specific pattern.